c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DXWebApp_Dataset.dll.config
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DXWebApp_Dataset.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DXWebApp_Dataset.pdb
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Charts.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.SpellChecker.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxGauges.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxPivotGrid.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxThemes.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Web.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Web.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraMap.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Win.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.CodeParser.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxPivotGrid.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.SpellChecker.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxGauges.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Web.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Web.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraMap.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Win.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.xml
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\obj\Debug\DXWebApp_Dataset.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\obj\Debug\DXWebApp_Dataset.dll.licenses
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\obj\Debug\DXWebApp_Dataset.dll
c:\users\erol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXWebApp_Dataset\DXWebApp_Dataset\obj\Debug\DXWebApp_Dataset.pdb
